README.md, before:

# Computational investigation of the Littlewood conjecture

This repo contains an implementation of the algorithm presented in "An upper
bound for the Littlewood quantity" (Matala-aho, Törmä, Vapa, 2023) (link
pending), which is used for computational investigation of the
[Littlewood conjecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Littlewood_conjecture)
using continued fractions.

The code depends on [GMP](https://gmplib.org/) for the arbitrary precision
integer math, and on [Boost](https://www.boost.org/) for wide fixed width
integer math.

The code uses [{fmt}](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt) for string formatting.

Check the makefile for options on compiling and running the program.

## Structure

### [main.cpp](main.cpp)

Entrypoint of the program. Parses the CLI options, creates initial pairs
based on the selected option, initializes and executes the configured
number of threads to run the calculation. Prints out timing information.

### [fractions.hpp](fractions.hpp)

Contains types and helper methods related to the fractional types
(rational numbers, convergents and convergent pairs) used in the code,
as well as the logic to create the initial list of convergent pairs.

### [littlewood.hpp](littlewood.hpp)

Contains the main part of the algorithm: the code to check if a
convergent pair meets the Littlewood criteria.

### [modular_math.hpp](modular_math.hpp)

Contains helper functions to perform "modular" math.

### [visualisation.hpp](visualisation.hpp)

Contains a helper method to print a textual representation of a
convergent pair. Used mostly for debugging.

Commit message:

Clarify details of the used integer type in README

README.md, after:

# Computational investigation of the Littlewood conjecture

This repo contains an implementation of the algorithm presented in "An upper
bound for the Littlewood quantity" (Matala-aho, Törmä, Vapa, 2023) (link
pending), which is used for computational investigation of the
[Littlewood conjecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Littlewood_conjecture)
using continued fractions.

The code depends on [GMP](https://gmplib.org/) for the arbitrary precision
integer math, and on [Boost](https://www.boost.org/) for wide fixed width
integer math. Note that only the fixed width integers were used in the
production run of this code.

The code uses [{fmt}](https://github.com/fmtlib/fmt) for string formatting.

Check the makefile for options on compiling and running the program.

## Structure

### [main.cpp](main.cpp)

Entrypoint of the program. Parses the CLI options, creates initial pairs
based on the selected option, initializes and executes the configured
number of threads to run the calculation. Prints out timing information.

### [fractions.hpp](fractions.hpp)

Contains types and helper methods related to the fractional types
(rational numbers, convergents and convergent pairs) used in the code,
as well as the logic to create the initial list of convergent pairs.

### [littlewood.hpp](littlewood.hpp)

Contains the main part of the algorithm: the code to check if a
convergent pair meets the Littlewood criteria.

### [modular_math.hpp](modular_math.hpp)

Contains helper functions to perform "modular" math.

### [visualisation.hpp](visualisation.hpp)

Contains a helper method to print a textual representation of a
convergent pair. Used mostly for debugging.
